[ссылка на видео](https://youtu.be/3ZNDPJKHW90)

Hello everyone, my name is Egor and I'm 35(thirty-five) years old and this is my first time recording a video on YouTube. IT is my self-introduction. I am from Belarus, and I'm a junior front-end developer.

 A few words about myself.I graduated from Francis Skorina Gomel State University, specializing in computer modeling of physical processes. While studying, I had the opportunity to visit Ocean City in the USA as part of the Work and Travel program. It was a fantastic city with beautiful ocean views and friendly people. After three months, I was already able to communicate quite comfortably with the locals. Although I have always been interested in programming, I ended up in sales, where I sold everything to everyone. As a result, I became skilled at listening to people and delivering the right information. By the way, it's a very useful skill in life. However, there was still an unresolved desire - to become a first-class programmer. Now I already know languages and tools such as HTML, CSS, SASS, JavaScript, Figma, Git, and Node.js. And this is just the beginning!
So, why programming? Firstly, it's because of English. Watching movies in their original language without losing the meaning of some jokes is pretty cool. Secondly, it offers a constant opportunity to learn something new. I go to the gym three times a week to train my body, but it's equally important to exercise my brain. I want to stay sharp-minded in my old age. Thirdly, I plan to move to another country, and the hotter the country, the better.
Currently, I am studying at the RSS School. Two years ago, I took another set of frontend courses while working. They weren't great, although they gave me an idea that I was interested in this field and that I would come back to it. Now I am fully immersed in my studies. Let me tell you that the RSS School is probably the best IT course. Firstly, it's free, and secondly, the entire process is excellent, including material review, schedule, and platform, and supported by a large community on Discord. I wish everyone to achieve the heights they dream of. RSS School deserves your likes, subscriptions, and notifications.
At the moment, I am finishing a learning project - a Minesweeper game. My plan is to start looking for a job soon, but in the meantime, I will create my own project - a website assistant for colorblind individuals. It will be able to identify colors based on photos. If you have any interesting ideas for the project or job vacancies, feel free to contact me. How to contact me is located below the video. Thank you all for your attention, and until we meet again.
